def TermsAndCos():
    info("Terms and Conditions!","""By using this app, you acknowledge that you are participating in physical activity at your own risk and that you are solely responsible for any injuries or damages that may result from your use of this app. You agree to provide accurate and complete information about your health and physical condition when using this app, and to promptly update this information if it changes. You grant permission for the app to collect data on your physical activity and fitness levels for the purpose of providing you with personalized fitness recommendations. The app and its creators are not responsible for any errors or inaccuracies in the information provided by this app, or for any injuries or damages that may result from your reliance on this information.

Accounts may be revoked for inappropriate usernames or behaviour, including harassment of other users or providing false information. No refunds shall be given for any purchases made in the app. Accounts must not be shared with other users. Premium features may require additional payments. All data collected is confidential and will not be shared with third parties without your consent.

These terms and conditions are governed by the laws of the European Union. By using this app, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions and any updates or revisions that may be made to

Furthermore, by using this app, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless the app and its creators from any claims, damages, or losses arising from or in any way related to your use of this app or your reliance on any information provided by this app. You acknowledge that the app and its creators are not responsible for any errors or inaccuracies in the information provided by this app, or for any injuries or damages that may result from your reliance on this information.

By using this app, you acknowledge that you are purchasing a subscription and agree to pay the associated fees in advance, in accordance with the payment terms as presented to you when you sign up. You also agree to be bound by the terms of the subscription agreement, which may include automatic renewal, cancellation policies and other terms and conditions. You acknowledge that any payments made are non-refundable, unless otherwise stated in the subscription agreement. You agree to promptly update your payment information if it changes, and to ensure that all payments are made on time. You acknowledge that failure to comply with these terms may result in suspension or termination of your account and access to the app.""")
